.\" retroarch.1:

.TH  "REICAST" "1" "August 22, 2015" "REICAST" "System Manager's Manual: reicast"

.SH NAME

reicast \- The Sega Dreamcast Emulator.

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBreicast\fR [OPTIONS]... [IMAGE FILE]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBreicast\fR is a multi-platform emulator for the Sega Dreamcast.

.SH "EXAMPLE COMMANDLINE"

.TP
\fBNo command line options will start reicast and load all values from the config file.\fR
reicast

.TP
\fBOverride the image specified in the config file to load a specific image.\fR
reicast /path/to/your/image.cdi

.TP
\fBStart reicast on X11 in full screen.\fR
reicast -config x11:fullscreen=1

.SH "CONTROLS"

.TP
\fBreicast\fR uses the kernel event devices for capturing input. You can define the evdev device id in the config file:
.IP
[input]
.br
evdev_device_id_1 = X
.LP

If the evdev input works for you, it's probably best to deaktivate the legacy joystick API input:

.IP
[input]
.br
joystick_device_id =-1
.LP

If your version of \fBreicast\fR is compiled against X11, you might want to disable the built-in X11 keyboard support:
.IP
[input]
.br
enable_x11_keyboard = -1
.LP

.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS"

.TP
\fB-config section:option=value\fR
Temporarily override a value of the config file.

.TP
\fB[IMAGE FILE]\fR
Load a specific image file. If no image is given on the command line, reicast will use the value of the "image" option in the "config" section of the config file.

.SH "AUTHOR"

.TP
\fBreicast\fR is developed by a number of people. A list of contributors can be obtained at:
\fIhttps://github.com/reicast/reicast-emulator/graphs/contributors\fP

.TP
Head over to reicast's git repository if you want to contibute:
\fIhttps://github.com/reicast/reicast-emulator\fP

.TP
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Public License (Version 2).
